Sound Off 4
I’m calling concerning the
little Willoughby girl” who
was murdered. Some say she
was
a girl, somesay she was
a woman. Although she hada
baby when she was 14, does
that give anybody a right to
murder her? If it'does, about
50 percent of? our women
would have to be murdered. I
think the citizens of Estill
County should form a com,
mittee, take up money and
hire a private detective ‘to
find out who-killed this girl.
I feel like this girl had a
right to live as much as
anybody else. If there are
enough concerned citizens in
Estill County, I'd like for
them to answer back in
Sound Off.
